What happend to coco.she is innocent
REPORT BLOCK IGNORE
LETS GO NEED ASACOCO ASAP
WE all know why our dragon can’t stream for 3 weeks NMSLeses
Guys, what we come to do? enjoy the stream, what they cant do? stop the stream
We are here to watch the stream not the chat box, if its annoys you hidden it, Coco and Haachama are ignoring it too.
It was a fun mini-game to report bots and spam
The like-dislike ratio is kinda bad? I guess antis really hate anything that related to haato&coco. The war is still not over.
We did our best to report the bots.
I see comments saying "Whos from Malaysia" or anything related to Malaysia are probably just bots.
Reporting Antis is my new sport, I wanna make this into a World Cup
I BLOCK all the Anti's Spammer and my Chat is Clean LMAO
Some people in the comments were concerned about Italians watching the stream.As you probably imagined,we're in extreme pain!
Everything was in chaos
This is the longest 60 minutes of my life
Oh the antis already lose this much strength?
we should still stay alert, even tho they had gotten weaker
yo spamming Chinese out is bad,you know there are normal Chinese fans who just wants to watch em without getting political too
saying "bots get out" won't make bots leave the chat lol just report ,block
we know what the antis want. if we don't give it to them, then they've lost?
report"chinese pizza is real pizza" STOP TALKING ABOUT PIZZA ITS IRRELEVENT
slow mode would only put more screen time on the spammers
Those ridiculous spam are antis. it is hard to stay happy if those antis ruined everything
just ignore anyone that says anything basically. they're trying to agitate with "stop spamming" and the spam in general
reminder,bots are copying texts from chat,so just post something positive
MEMBER-ONLY CHAT PLEASE
STOP saying report, just REPORT IN SILENCE and you DON'T have to comment ABOUT IT!!!
annoying kanji i dont know whta they mean
don't talk about the ants on the floor You'll see what spam is cause you will recognize they are just saying the same things
They are Anti ...so they come to disrupt chat lol so ignor them enjoy stream or report them
I can only understand little JP so I‘m not totally sure that whether [EN] subtitle is about actual chat or random spams. Can anyone confirm me on this?
what's up with the spamming, not that Coco will read your comment either
What happened to fubuki why she is not tank?
No need to discuss about it, we just need to move on
[EN]but it made me think about it. So it seems. Generally speaking, we must all be sure to consider the matter carefully.
wow bots they are now creative
not all kanji is bot, just report repeated comments and don't give them attention
This is how I got A's on essays. I would say big brain but that sounds sort of narcissistic lol
the bot start reciting something again repeat dont repeat report report plz
bots just copy wikipedia hahaha
i already reported yo~~ bots
just report any non-English chats Feel like report don't work at all
we all know that as long as it is meaningful, it must be carefully considered.
other watching stream peaceful, other defending the chats from haters
you know the antis are losing when they're resorting to creative measures like this lol
don't repeat "report XXX"!!!! report those who said report bot guys can we just have fun
IT'S HARD TO REPORT ALL THE BOTS.AND....HOW TO BELIEVE THIS "LIVE" ALSO NOT JUST TWO BOTS VIDEO?
I have reported so many bots on here-me too. Its nice to see you do this bro
why "no report" are you anti?? WE GOTTA FIND THE ANTIS WITHOUT FRIENDLT-FIRE
douse the bots with asacoco that'll work
why can't i send superchat
Feel like report don’t work at all WHY????
Report doesn't work so just chill bro just stay calmm
dont report those who said report plz thats friendly-fire
ANYONE ASKING FOR MEMBER-ONLY ARE BOTS
report till they run out of account
I went to see other people. The comments here are too messy
European here, watching from work. I’ve seen enough memes to know what’s going on
yeah, plenty of NPCs in chat today just raport them
How about lets not report anyone not speaking english
Amd really good But please report "Amd yes" Is just spamming!
LOL Really the bots are using the same spam pizza chat? Didn't Know
Careful of random reports, you might hit some friendlies, Anti's just want us fighting amongst ourse
dont spam report,we all know who is bot
do these antis really think this is hurting the vtuber's reputation? lmaooo
Wait, if the bots are repeating old messages, do you think we can get them to say something really dumb?
isn't bot spamming is also increasing viewers count? could that also make big stonks?
I think we can just report the T-word, they probably is spamming that as well
If you watch stream before this, you'll understand what bot will actually say or what bot will copy the comments here, so yeah. ID bros understand the malay, we will keep the chat clean
just report what you understand and the obvious ones. thats it, easy
sadly, that's not bahasa indonesia. but malaysia. nice try haters
slowmode are bots. report them if u see
Report kanji,report these bots just report the bots and then when they
the hypocrisy of the people spamming "DON'T SPAM" is so laughable
the only acceptable thing to spam is HAACHAMACHAMA
Whats wrong with Pizza? why report pizza??
But how do I know who to report? They are copying from us
just reprot the bots and then when they post again block them，that way
is there any differences between Chinese and Tiwanese?
everyone say "no chinese" are antis you can report them
When you realise that the Antis are still giving Coco money. These antis still lose.
Don’t give me your ****. Don’t give me your excuses.
if you dont know chinese, dont try to identify them, we hk people will deal with them, alongside with taiwan fans.
people asking for members only is bait/antis want coco to do exactly that
DO NOT WORRY ABOUT OTHER LANGUAGES, THE JAPAN BROS CAN HANDLE IT
Anyone who doesn't like Coco, get out.
so what is mmr? can anyone tell me what is mmr?
They have mods that are working on it buddy. the thing is youtube doesnt have a fine-tuned system
cn and tw they've same characters. If you cannot identify them just leave it to japan bros
Technically, aren't chinese also kinda kagai niki?
Big ups to good kagai niki for staying with us.
Big no no to bad dudes who put too much effort over T word.
please do not bring politics in the chat, is rule of hololive chats (even if you support Coco)
report pizza. chinese bots have prepared pizza spams
if you see these bots, block already off to a good start
I think I'm gonna hide the chatwow bots they are now creativethe stop spaming are bots too we should only report and block
If find something odd just hide chat donate if you want to donate just keep clean report if you want to report and don’t fight the bots there pointless
Report the obvious bots smh Report spams about lol or dots
bros! where u at we need reinforcements for reports
please tell me who is antis
im pretty sure people telling to stay away from politics are also bots
imakes me wonder if people that ask to report and ignore are bots as well
ah, the collab that can end the world, i guess
repeating messages more than 3 times report immediately
we fans must stay strong against the antis
they don;t realize that they are just adding to the view count, which keeps the channel alive
ANYBODY KNOW WHAT'S GOING ON? WHO SHOULD I REPORT?
Police comment also bot lol
lets show those bots our sc and love
the more you give attention to bot, the smoother the antis plan is
they have machine translator; they've spammed in Chinese too
WE GOTTA FIND THE ANTIS WITHOUT FRIENDLT-FIRE
Don’t give me your ****. Don’t give me your excuses.
the mod are doing the work . so if the show are up pls enjoy the show
What is that which the breeze, o'er the towering steep,
delete cn from existence
slowmode not work here, plz dont send this comment
slowmode are bot ? why is /slowmode everywhere?
If you see strange speech in Chinese or English, please use the report spam more, thx
They seem to be spamming in Japanese too.
WHY DON'T CLOSE THE CHATROOM
I find it extremely funny that these bot makers think saying random phrases is going to do anything other than mild annoyance
just report what you understand and the obvious ones. thats it, easy
If you see spam or trolling, don’t respond. Just block, report, and ignore.
just don't report anything you domt understand
I have reported so many bots on here
HAHA I CAN'T GET OVET THAT THUMBNAIL
we need a private chatroom so we can organize which names to report
Time to report some bots
report ignore don't engage
I must say I had a lot fun hunting down bot
the spams have gotten variative though. from foreign languages to asking "any xnasionists" to calling to stop spamming, etc.
it’s still so obvious and only thing we need to do is to hit the report button and let Mods do their job
We'll help report the bots. Now ignore them and enjoy the live show
very long message with meaningless words/offensive words all bots
lmao there's even fake spammers in spanish. when did bots give up? uhh
the chat is going so fast that for me the streamm is lagging
chat is getting toxic, we need the supachatto time.
I thought there are some new shield words in this stream for now
guys stop randomly report people just report the mainland chat pls
lmao why have multiple people asked wy
WHY is the ANTIS EVEN WATCHING... IF THEY GOT OFFENDED DONT WATCH GEEZ...
lmao I saw this on reddit yesterday
Aren't the rules, report and ignore? Stop bringing attention to spammers
What's wrong with the comments?
guys stop randomly report people, the anti are deploying "friendly-fire" tactic...stop randomly report people unless you are 100% sure.
I'm sorry Coco! I only have google translate! so sad I cant understand whats shes saying
WHY NO COMMUNICATION?IS IT A VIDEO?WHERE IS COCO?
Maybe COCO must Actived members only chat. You know these Antis just get annoyed
If Coco moved to HololiveEN she'd have 10million subs.
i just saw it on twitter uhh, another video？
Why don't you answer sc? Video？Are you really looking at the comments?
You know these Antis just get annoyed seeing these superchats haha. I block almost of them hahahaha
Report the ones saying she should just speak english. CN spammers are spamming EN only
Chaos has come back to earth
Please refrain for begging her to speak English simple one to look for: report anyone saying "Gura is better than Coco"
Hey why are you fighting ?Can't you just report by yourself and stop spamming "report ***" ? JUST REPORT ALL BOTS
EARTH IS ROUND GUYS COCO SEEN IT
don't worry bro, those are bots from anti. Not real people, don't fred
she is reading superchats, its not prerecorded, coco is here, ignore the bot spamming
You know these Antis just get annoyed seeing these superchats haha.
Again report those who say "What happened" or somethin along the lines of that.
yes any comment inviting controvercy = bots and report works
report works if you observe closely spams are getting auto deleted and people getting auto banned
wait? why someone say this is video?
Same here, don't know how much it counts but I've been reporting till now
dont ignore report and tell them to go away
will we get more meme review this week?
just report the antis, who says english only are mostly anti,don't argue with them
Antis are just SALTY man who cant believe the world doesnt work the way their overlord wants them to believe.
lol dont even know how to report
Lazy users may stick with the defaults, so their messages will show up around every 6 (or a multiple of 6 with slow mode) seconds, and longer paragraphs will be exactly 200 characters long.
As we know, the spamming pandemic has wrecked havoc in the pre-stream chats
[confused screaming]
Ok goody, now for the surprise...
block the bots so it wont show in chat
so the bot has keep spamming huh?
are there any ban words we can report?
exactly that's how the chat is right now, so pls focus on the stream
anyonw from Vtuber Heaven 2.0 on Facebook ?
Lmao the chat is so surreal
DONT argue with them!
Are uncensored burrito pics for members only?
This will be good
gura waiting room
Hi Coco, I just got paid today. I know $50 isn't that much but I just wanted to show you how much I support you. Hopefully I'll have more money for you next paycheck
NEVER SUBBED NEVER DONATED ADBLOCK ON STOLEN LAPTOP NEIGHBOURS WIFI MOMMAS HOUSE FREE ENTERTAINMENT
STOP SPAMMING
Hey bro what happend
Coco doesn't need to apologize.She's the TOP of Hololive.
What happend to coco.she is innocent
stop using shitty japanese
Japan is obviously a puppet of the United States.Why doesn't she speak English?
About the army of spamming bots in recent stream
As the title said, the bots activity in coco streams has worsened and although i feel they are stupid and nonsense,
it is still irritating cause live chat is nearly unusable.
Someone has proposed the idea of Youtube auto bot before and to me, that seems like a good solution.
I mean Cover do have mods around but they are humans too and their responses are sometimes simply not enough.
Nightbot is a thing and it is a wonderful tool to keep chat clean.
Too many bots overtime will make us tired and may ignore them, but the chat will be attacked as usual.
I can recognize many old bots but still actively spamming around.
This is just my personal thought that further procedure should be applied to prevent this, the situation hasn’t changed for a few days.
Why are the Chinese Antis still attacking coco? Didn't they get what they wanted?
They wanted either Coco be fired or for hololive to pull out of China.
Well the latter happend and yet they still attack Coco.
Cover and all of the hololive talents have shown their support for Coco by updating her avatar,
and collabing with her in asacoco and other things so what the F is their end goal at this point?
Technically they lost the war.
What they wanted was for the world to kowtow to them and prove that they are the superior fans,
and play the victim whilst raking in the apologies and the sympathies of the world.
All the while they would have liked Cover to pander to their sentiments and STILL allow their favorite girls to stream in China.
The technical "take your cake and eat it".
They probably never expected Cover to pull out and decouple from China the way they're doing.
Now they lose all coverage of Cover talents except unless they illegally VPN and watch it as another country,
and they probably also got their feelings hurt in the realization that they can't bully their way into an apology and get away with it because,
simply put, they can't throw money around at the problem to solve it this time
(since they aren't the ones earning Cover the most money).
What makes it even more frustrating for them, is probably the fact that Cover can cut ties and still not be affected much by it.
After looking through this sub and YT comments, it seems like there were issues with chat breaking the rules during Amelia and Ina's streams.
I've had this idea in my head for a while but never felt like suggesting since I haven't heard chat get this toxic until now.
Here's the suggestion that's geared to those of us who just fell into the rabbit hole:
So you know in Suisei's streams there is a moving banner on the bottom? Put one of those on every stream and have it include the chat rules.
Why do I suggest this? It's a simple, quick fix to something that I myself was guilty of:
When I fell into the rabbit hole, I didn't know the chat rules. As of now, the only place you can view the chat rules is in the description of the video.
However, regardless of whether you are on mobile or desktop, you have to 1) expand the description, 2) scroll all the way down to even see the rules.
Heck, I only found out about the rules because I came on this sub, something that a new, casual viewer will probably never do.
Can we honestly say that newer viewers will take the time to go through the steps mentioned above to find something they didn't even know existed?
With the sudden explosion of popularity globally, can we honestly say that these newer viewers understand that there are rules in place because these streams are different from the one's they see on Twitch?
As such, even though it pains me to say it, we have to baby-proof these streams.
While my suggestion will not solve the toxicity in chat, as there will always be rule-breakers and trolls,
it will at the very least visually inform viewers that rules DO exist for the stream and that in turn will give them NO excuse if they decide to break the rules.
This will allow the mods to more quickly and accurately find those rule breakers and deal with them accordingly.
Remember we don't know the exact number of mods that each girl has in her chat.
However, I think we all feel confident in saying that there aren't enough mods for the number of viewers in each stream (particularly for the EN girls where viewers who grew up in Twitch Culture are more prevalent).
Having the rules clearly stated on screen will hopefully make it easier for their mods to take back control of chat (and hopefully this will buy enough time for Cover to get more mods).
I fully acknowledge that this suggestion is only geared towards viewers who just fell into the rabbit hole.
But remember, this is just a step towards cleaning up chat. You have an easier time stopping a fire if you contain it first.
I imagine if you can't afford SC or memberships, you probably can't afford to run up your electrical bill.
ITS NO SIMP SEPTEMBER FOR PLEASE FOR CRYING OUT LOUD..... SIMP AS HARD AS YOU CAN FOR THE BROKE FANS ;-;-;
Kaichou! The superchat become free after paying $5! I recommend this to all foreigner tatsunoko! No need to think for 10 minutes for it!
DO MR PRESIDENT RIGHT NOW coco best girl hololive? Confirm
​People are failing the understanding of the word “simp” smh my head please slow down chat coco kaichou is tired reading..
​omg i to addicted with among us and forget this stream damn​ soon to be hairless dragon coco:yougotthis::yougotthis::elbowcough::elbowcough::elbowcough:
I am looking forward to translations of this. Luckily the gameplay is easily understandable.
hi Coco. New to the hololive side, but looking forward to watching older content! Can't really watch due to timezones but RIP!
I feel that Coco has less translations because she translates herself，I hate that I see the bug and immediately know who that is
I mean, the only videos on Yagoo's channel are VR 3D videos，I will show up to HoloFes 2 with my Yagloo Sticks
Roboco has an ion cannon in her arm, according to Hologra，She opens Uber Eats to see what the menu is like and then ends up ordering
The trick is to steam on your phone with bluetooth headphones. Then you keep your work up on the laptop COCO.
This meme is calling me out, so what if I attend work calls while I have hololive on? :_lol:TIME TO APOLOGIZE
Watame in Hololive Musou is an advanced character,we need another luna english only stream to balance it out :_udekumi::_kusa:
WE'RE CUTE  :_splash::_splash: Well, Haato didn't do anything, it was Haachama,WELCOME TO THE FUTURE, MAN, MACHINE THE FUSION
WOAH WOAH ?? THEN HOWDO YOU SUPACHATTO TIME??? :_ppp::_aaa::_cko::_iii::_ccc:Why the fuck are you reading this concentrate on the meme:_kusa:
"kaichou what time you usually sleep?" "6 usually" "Come down today, to buy some corn OR WE WILL SACRIFICE YOU'R NEWBORN"
"No more songs" - I think we're supposed to be singing now. COCO sang. So to "sing together" it's our turn.
@RaiRai214 chanches are Google probably already knows them, internet being lit and dark at the same time 
@Yors Golada technically yes, in practice she's just going to read all SC for another hour lol ' Weight of the World '
2.8K people has been injected to prevent sleeping. 4 u ill even let you use me! COCO SPEARS!
aaaaah the unlimited SC works on the way again AAHHHH SC TRAIN DOIN GOOD after hearing themickey version, i remember the donald duck cover lol
ahaha i agree in " chichi wo motomete" Alright, looks like the "SC Train longer than the actual stream" Bingo is done.
all my dreams about Japanese people not being able to speak English normally are ruined:elbowcough: RIP VOICE COCO
An ancient savage dragon that can sing and talk English? Take SHIT money AND THANK GOD WERE TOGETHERRRRR AND THE BEAT GO
Any overseas bros with any spare change left in their wallets to SC ask? XD ANOTHER ONE BITES THE DUST !!!!!!
Are we gonna ignore the possibility that Lady Gaga named her successor of her role? arrrrrrr i was watching suisei n kanatan i did not know thundertit is singing too
AsaCoco for superchatters, but if you're lucky she'll miss and inject normal chatters! RIPCoco is THE STUFF
asacoco will kill any viruses or bacteria from the reused needle. not need to sterilize. Asacoco is the infection and tomb all in one
AYYYYY! ITS THE EVANGELION VER BOIS!!!!!!!!!!Backstreet's Back - Backstreet Boys please COCO SPEARS!
Bargain AsaCoco, with complimentary infection from using the same needle over 200 times Beautiful :_aaa::_sss: :_fff::_uuu::_ccc::_kkk: 
Beautiful voice Coco, but needs to practice all notes ^^ bouken desho desho i love coco kaichou like shitpost
Bruh I wonder if coco know how to use hamon abilities，best timeline, coco pillows covering us BRUUUUUUUH
BURH STOP ASKING HER T SAY STUFF SHE DON'T UNDERSTAND by the power of google-sensei But RIP to dragon parents anyway
chichi wo motomete, coco chan, papa doragon will feel sick bout it catch your breath lmao calm down
Coco is injecting us with vaccine for virus Pogggers Weebs cured the world once again，coco is not hamon user, she rarely breathe
coco is the kind of docotr who will just inject you with whatever she finds in the kitchen cupboard
Coco-chan! :_suki: I need my asa:_ccc::_ooo::_ccc::_ooo: dose!!!:_dragon:Coco,Congratulate me.I finish high school
Dammit I always join when she's reading SC 4 u ill even let you use me! COCO SPEARS!
Damn, I had to study and missed most of the stream. Still worth it for this song tho
Do you know power metal.I recommend I want out-Helloween and Through the fire and flames-Dragonforce. DO YOU LIKE JAZZ?
Don't worry guys, we gonna provide her with shelter if YT demonetise her DRAGON MADE ME FUCKIN SING
dude, for people sc, please dont mention other vtuber it consider rude E N C O R E! E N C O R E!!! DUO WITH PAPA DRAGON
eating breakfast while she casually injects people  DUNNO WHAT THIS IS BUT THIS IS AMAZONG
Ehhhh YouTube won't let me SC for some reason， El saludar es medio inútil sin saber inglés pero un saludo desde chile
estimates on the length of the train this time  Everybody raise your hand in Papa Coco Tomb!!!
everyone infected with the best drug: coco eeveryone in sc is getting shared needles lol EVERYONE PLEASE QUE UP
Feel ya regular chatters are like peasants surrounded by antbot LOL FACTS: SHE CAN BEAT GOKU
FIRE AF first thing i see when i join is coco injecting people with asacoco
GG two of my superchat didn't get read. This isn't daijoubu :')GIMME SOME OF THAT ASACOCO STUFFF
good morning coco! please don't inject me! i'm scared of needles!!good night coco i dont understand anything anyway
Goodnight!! I'll watch the rest of the stream tomorrow. Great tmob acoco i dont understand anything anyway
Got some gura shark fin soup to enjoy the stream and grand theft fack off GREAT:_aaa::_sss::_fff::_uuu::_ccc::_kkk:
GUS DONT BELIEVE HER SHE DIDNT CHANGE THE NEEDLE Haha someone just dono'd and forgot to say something
Hate it when my SC gets declined for no reason because of some words in the text GTFO GET THE FUCK OUT COCO SPEARS!
here's a reminder that old songs sounds 1000x better than what we have now
hey Coco, can I get some more KusaCoco directly into my bloodstream? FBI is here already
I CAN FEEL THE DORAGON SCENCE How the chat derailed into talking about detechable horns?
I don't even like Lady Gaga, but this is POGCHAMP :_glow1::_mogu::_glow2::_glow3::_nani::_glow4: I don't wanna give Google my card info but I'm tempted
I forgot it's night time there, here in Argentina it's about 12:30 pm lol that's crazy i just came, if iget injected i could sleep ?
I just joined and the first thing I see is chat being injected some suspicious substance
I practice Kaichou’s evanescence cover of Bring me to life.I turn it into 280 Bpm blast beats cover.RIP for that song
I sell some of those stuff. Manufacturer is Coco's company's itself I was away for awhile and she's using syringe to stab ?? Coco's horn cannot be used to stab anymore.
i want coco chan do the voicing for the nihonggo translation apps and whatnots i wish coco would said howdy jusf once
IDOL DRAGON !!! idk what is she talkin bout but her voice is whoresome
If these keep coming, she'll be able to build Hololive house and take in more members than just Kanata
IF YOURE HAVING FUN, EVERYTHING IS WORTH IT WWWWWOOOOO Iirc it can be removed, just like pekora's human ears
I'M HAVING EARGASM everyone infected with the best drug:If you stab me many times, I died.
i'm positive at covid 19 so i only i can do is watching coco stream every night while quarantine in jail...
inject asacoco in midnight don't get side affect:_shot::_shot::_shot::_shot:Instead of drinks, i got myself some shark fin soup for the stream
it's dangerous to use the same needle on different people coco!! we will get sick!!It's funny how her SC reading is longer than the actual content stream
Jebus christ just came in. Too much alcohol, no?jokes on you, asacoco IS the infection
JUST TUNED IN AND FLY ME TO THE BOOM STARTS PLAYING Kaicho please Rick Roll everyone
Kaicho, pwease Rick Roll everyone:elbowcough::elbowcough::elbowcough:KAMPAI LETS GET HER DRUNK TO SING LOL
Last time i was here she was stabbing us with her horns and no it's a needle....hmmm let me join the mosh pit
local dragon at good mood and start singing happy morn today LOL SHE READ IT
LOOOL I forgot the message with my Super Chat man I used to listen to this in radios during sunday afternoons
Man, I wish I can speak japanese  Me: Haato Kaato Haato Kaato Haato Kaato (insanely lose control)
Miss Dragon, may I suggest singing Elton John - Can you feel the fire tonight? (the song from Disney movie Lion King)
more needle:yougotthis::yougotthis::elbowcough::yougotthis:mosquito bites boobs. it sucks milk or blood?
My little sister also enjoys your content! Coco san is aproved by children as well，inject her with drugs coco lol
oh god, she's not breathing guys， papa coco, Anemachi, mamaqua. 5th gen holo live members confirmed?
People be dying from overdose right about now. And I am shocked to see this happen live...pepsi guy is my idol anyway
PPTenshi desperately trying to sleep while Coco drowns in antbots，praises the drug dealing dragon
put us to sleep is slang for death fellas its been good knowing ya？ Quick throw more money at her before she makes it
RAP GOD COCO PLSSS，Reading superchats is often the best part of Homofive streams.SAVE US JESUS
scarborough fair or last rose of summer, these would go hell with your voice，see she does the rap too that's our kaichou
She must be getting energy from the injections because she's not getting tired SHES MAKING SO MUCH MONEY LOL
SIMPLE AND CLEAN IS THE WAY THAT YOUR MAKING ME FEEEEEEEEL TONIIIIIIIIIGHT Say ANYTHING YOU WANT COCO
so this is my life now,huh? listening to sc until the universe's heat death?Not that i'm complaining
So this is where her cocaine money came form？Someone should SC and ask her what type of lizard she is
Sound like something from Yakuza game  Stop with the shitty memes you guys and let her sing what she wants
Stop with your goddamn unfunny memes "Haha rick astly" no stfu its not funny THANK YOU PAPA FOR FAKING COCO
thank you for streaming coco you've got better at singing keep at it and RIP everyone 
the only injection I'll painfully accept, psssssdh psyhhhhh chusa psppspsps pussssssuuhhh the syringe is scary AF
There is no stoppin the COCO Train THERE'S A COMET THE SIZE OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA APPROACHING OUR ATMOSPHERE OR WHAT
There's too many FBI accounts this is 100% the dopest song i ever heard lol
Wait, aren't you supposed to switch needles after every injection.WAKE ME COCO WAKE ME UP
was probably by accident but I have received AsaCoco directly into my bloodstream via Coco,Watch Coco. Inject Asacoco. Everything is loco.
We are poor, just to make the Gap between súper chats :kekw:We can also try arch enemy songs called Silverwings or reason to believe
With your song, I always remember My friend said to me Japanese hymn is so difficult...will this never end? KUSA!
Wait wat’s happening to Hololive CN? I’m really sorry for sounding dumb, I don’t really catch on with news, what’s happening to the CN Gang?
basically: The CN branch is dissolving due to obvious reasons stemming from the recent drama.
The girls won't graduate though and will get to keep their characters and channels, they are just going to go independent instead of being affiliated with Hololive anymore.
Some time back, Coco and Haachama accidentally mentioned Taiwan while reading off YouTube analytics. This triggered some Chinese people because they assumed it meant acknowledging Taiwan as a country
china itself has a history of propaganda and being anti Taiwan, Tibet and Hong Kong as they consider those 3 places part of China.
Due to this, coco and Haachaama was suspended for 3 weeks. The backlash by these people (later called antis) came to a point where they demanded apologies, claiming Chinese fan support is more valuable than the Vtuber themselves, Coco should leave permanently, etc.
By the end of the suspension, Coco and Haachama were back, with no signs of leaving and still having support from other Holo JP girls. This cause antis to vent their frustration on the HoloCn girl channels, claiming Cover was anti China and the girls were guilty by association.
There was little chance of salvaging the Chinese market, so Cover gave the girls options of graduating, going independent, or going under another company, while getting to keep their earnings for this month as compensation.
Meanwhile, antis are still at it, mostly targeting Coco, trying to fill her stream chats with spam and whatever nonsense, trying to bypass slowmode, etc, claiming Coco is evil, etc.
R u guys ready for the next SHIT MEME REVIEW? U know what I'm talking about
Can't wait for Aki to call me a motherfucker It will still have the "ara ara good boy" vibe to it.
Because of recent events it isn't safe for the HoloCN girls to be associated with Hololive anymore, so they separated.
But the girls are allowed to keep their characters, so they're going to continue streaming as always, but now they'll be independent.
They don't realise it's their fault that cover left the Chinese market? Even if they do, they still don't want to admit they're at fault. These antis are crazy man
Wow, it's like they gave Cover an ultimatum and Cover made a decision. Gee, who could have ever seen it coming.
But they failed to understand that Coco's live is intertwined with the entire fucking world outside of China. And that Cover would choose the rest of the world over China.
I think the many reddit threads about incidents with chats in streams only add fuel to the fire and toxicity in the community.
This just drives a wedge and builds up tension within the community (not necessarily between the girls themselves) and this may demotivate the girls as they may feel that they are treading on eggshells when they interact with the chat.
I'm not saying to totally ignore these incidents, but don't try to bring up the past and beat a dead horse with it every time it happens because the girls don't like it either.
Now, whilst most of us will be upset for them, I personally think it's imperative to double our efforts in supporting Coco.
One word taken out of context by those with pre-existing agendas has led to all of this. It's fine if the CCP bots blame Coco, but it's not okay for her to blame herself.
We all know she's strong willed and has the heart of a dragon, but ultimately she's still a young woman behind that avatar with feelings and worries like the rest of us.
We should keep supporting her of course, but I don't think the situation is as dramatic as you make it out, she's getting a lot of support already not just from us but also from the rest of the hololive girls to suddenly start blaming herself.
Just look at all the girls that appeared on asacoco or the collabs she's made since her return. Can't get any more loved than that.
I just hope she doesnt blame herself. She's strong but she still cares about everyone in Hololive. This entire thing is because of the nationalists. I hope nobody affected blames anyone besides those thoughtless individuals.
I think there is a high chance that all the girls already know way before hand, and i do believe cover never blame anyone for anything, I think just this was the last straw, the china branch was already not that successful in comparison and also the sudden "attack" over nothing and pretty much the only choice cover have as a business is get out because it just doesn't worth it anymore.
You know, the same bullsh*t with "Fubuki created a family, Coco destroy it" and one week later Fubuki appeared in Asacoco. Chinese fans are extremists, the idols love chinese fans over the rest of the world, or they hate chinese fans, they are closed to the posibility that idols could care about "all the fans" in general.
The short of it is she was going to sing takeover at LoL worlds but was replaced likely due to the obvious reason. She posted her cover on bilibili and, since she’s never tweeted specifically in support of Coco, her Chinese fans have decided that means she hates Coco and Coco cost Aqua the chance to sing. They then did what they tend to do.
I saw that Chris Christie is out of the hospital which depresses me
Like 2 overweight old mfs can get off the hook this easly
but 200k people disproportionally african americans are getting just fucked
but trump needed the debate to attempt to ressurect his campaign
honestly biden is trash, hopefully he dies or smth during his presidency
he is trash, literally just your normal boring democrat
Trump getting scared from a virtual debate does not come off as that good
his "crazy" base will never think it's a bitch move cuz there is always a reason for him to "appear" like a pussy
but pulling out of a debate after the shitshow it was
why are all right wing demagogues so frail
trump can't drink water properly, or form a coherent sentence
It's generally what happens with people who just want to project strengh, it's all it is, projection cuz they are weak af
Like they act so tough on "corporations" and other bad groups, then just bow to themy
I'm trying to report content using Cover Corp's report form, but it seems like the phone number field does not allow the addition of a + for international numbers (due to the fact i'm reporting from overseas). I would like some help regarding this.
the report form is this way. You can try using the normal contact form. That may be slower, but there you don't need a phone number and there is even an English formular. And I think if it's improtant, the message will find the right addressee.
I was watching the coco archive of fall guys today and started reporting the spam messages of we are taking over but I noticed I could report them for harassment while I was reporting for spam. Is chosing harassment better for reporting or any other choice?
If they're spamming irrelevant stuff, Spam. If it's targeted directly at that their spamming it could be reported for harassment.
Luckily some of them exposed themselves in her comments section of that video, making it easier to report their actual channels.
Spam takes one less click than harassment.
The better choice would be to not report them and stop engaging against them. Reporting doesn't do anything. They can create new accounts and keep spamming.
The only entities that can do anything about this situation is Hololive by employing tools that restrict spammers, such as a mod bot.
Since the anti-slowmode feature was based on a BUG of youtube streaming, you can report it to youtube itself, wait for fixing. The more guys reporting, the faster it will be noticed.
Besides that, antis' only main weapon is that bot. Programmers may help to analyze its mechanic.
Their "Headquarter" is a Chinese BBS named NGA, which has been banned (by CN internet police) for a few times before. Guys who can read simplified Chinese can try to report that BBS just for beheading? (Maybe guys from Taiwan/Hongkong would be more willing to do that)
Make sure you know that you are not only facing a mob of losers; You are facing a mob of internet THUGS with dirty but fierce mind. Get that spread to a proper degree.
Bro, she's clearly didn't give a fuck. The restream that she did was because of technical issues iirc.
And for bots to bypass the slow mode, that's actually one purpose of slow mode. It will help the mods to detect the bots since they're the only one who can spam multiple messages at the same time. Without slow mode, the mods would've a problem detecting who's bot and who's not.
Just let them cry, they're the one who's wasting their energy here. Just let them losing their hair thinking of ways to attack Coco since all of their efforts until now were laughable
At this point, we really can't do anything but to wait for Youtube-kun to fix the bugs and for the mods to be hired by Cover.
The mods already seem quite busy(hundreds of accounts were banned from the chat). They probably need automation, not an extra mod or two.
I think Coco can handle herself just fine at this point. She got this. Just support her?
Completely agree Coco's got this. A messed up chat is hardly the end of the world like a lot of recent posts try to make it seem (intentionally or not). And whilst not ideal such trolling is like water off a ducks back to Coco.
I don't pay attention to bots anymore. Yesterday in Coco's meme review, everyone of us were spaming the chat with : ^ ) And the comments that wasn't spamming that face were bots.
Even with the slow mode activated, the chat was full of super chicken soup faces and one or two comments off-topic.
Everyone here supports Coco and will continue to support Coco. I'm not really sure what this post is supposed to accomplish. This is a really tough spot for the CN girls and people want to support them too, it seems kinda disrespectful to immediately post "I guess this sucks but what about Coco!?"
As clarify, Aqua wasn't leak that intentionally, this is time setted uploading long before this shit drama and no one cancel it (either because of disband of TL group or TL group not willing to delete Aqua's effort and video)
So I heard that Youtube has a feature for moderator to hide users so that their message won't appear, if that is true then why don't they use it?
I'm only guessing it isn't that easy. Bots are copying usernames and they might ban the wrong accounts. I think they're weighting the pros and cons for a period of time before deciding to use it.
There are a couple of ways for this to be implemented, why it hasn't no one knows.
lack of knowledge in terms of moderating a chat properly, implementation of an outside program to a stream which definitely needs the approval of the company (and dear god Cover is a japanese Company, everyone knows jap companies are hard to convice in terms of new stuff) and maybe simply she doesn't care about the antis anymore
Then I guess it is either having no moderator or too few moderator/ the moderator don't know this feature exist.
They already do this, if you turn on live chat you get to see the full brunt of what has been hidden away.
please stop blaming people / cultures and complaining, thats isnt getting us anywhere, i know with the EN branch a lot of people who isnt used to hololivd rules and some bad eggs as well.
I know how you all feel and i am annoyed as well since some talents dont like that and ruins the experience for them and the viewers, but our job as fans isnt being police/ point people or spread hate to those, our job as fan is support the streamers, if the talent is chat or twitter is not behaving or being mean to them.
What we have to do is send more support instead (not to the point of whiteknighting) like sending nice messages on chat, keeping the community wholesome like pointing the good things instead about complaining about the bad, sending them sc if possible, making memes and fan arts of them, well those are just examples its about you all to be creative.
from what i seen hololive is a big family with a wholesome community lets keep it like that, when the bad people is showing up, the good show be visible as well in a nice way.
i get some of you are angry, but i trust the streamers and the company (even if their decisions are not the best sometimes) that they will try their best to protect them while making us enjoy their content
I’d like to bring up this discussion once again to provide information about the spams in our Chairman’s Bots. Especially that now our Aki is about to tell us what we’ve been wanting to hear for a long time ara-ara~’s in the distance
I am pretty sure everyone might already be aware that there is tons of spam that is being sent and killed by mods every single stream.
Aside from the usual spam, Yes, these are all bot scripts. They’re trying to blend in and actually gaslight or confuse from the inside because they’ve been seeing the same posts we make here on this subreddit (btw welcome!)
They are annoying and they can get tiring sometimes but to put into actual hindsight - you’ll see that they’re actually doing nothing www, Superchat and Joining Membership to become more annoying lol I’d thank them - any processes transacted on youtube is non-refundable they’re just being a part on why our Queen is the most superchatted streamer in the platform.
I'm 10 mins into the 60m interview with trump. Bruh... this is actually him at his most pathetic. If you knew nothing else about him and watched this any rational person would think "what a pathetic loser"
I feel like I alter between feeling doom and gloom and feeling really confident that Biden will win this thing multiple times every single day. I just want this thing to be over already.
I’ve thrown myself into house projects, prepping to leave my house less because third wave and Christmas prebuying. They all distract and also address my random bouts of doom and anxiety
If they hadn't rammed through Barrett and waited for the election, democrats would have had no backing from the public to pack the courts.
I hope to god the first thing Joe does is meet with the separated children, gets an investigation started into what was going on, finds the parents, and makes some arrests of people that helped traumatize those kids. I want to see some serious repercussions, and a full report of what went on.
Honestly, where can Trump go? Our passports are pretty much useless due to our virus handling. Wouldn’t that be the irony of the century if Trump can’t flee because no one wants Americans in their country due to HIS handling of the virus?
Right now, one of the worst things about this is that if Trump loses, he and his followers will just blame Covid. They won’t accept that the country turned against him.
Well without covid do you think any chance in hell he loses? It’s insane to think about this but I seriously doubt trump loses if no covid.
Biden's numbers against Trump are actually almost identical to how he polled against Trump during the primary. It could be argued that the race would've tightened more, however.
If Trump wins again, or doesn't step down after he loses, I honestly don't know if America will survive. I am an optimist but I am scared.
All of my friends and family are moving out if Trump wins. I have strong confident that Joe Biden and Kamala Harris will get elected.
If the Dems captured the senate it would be interesting. 4 more years with a Republican senate and America would devolve one to absolute chaos.
TIFU by falling for fbi call scam about my ssn being used fraudulently. I was told that I needed to confirm stuff about my bank balance and whatnot(did not give them anything other than my balance)
I (19M) fucked up today. My younger brother (17) weighs around 65-70 kg. My little brother (13) is around 45 or 50 kg.
Does anyone else just “stare into the void” and let everything go blurry?
Do you ever have moments where you're staring a screen or a book, and feel like you're shrinking away from whatever it is you're staring at? Like almost a feeling of getting further away and lower from the object you were staring at.
What do people without PTSD think about all day? When you wake up in the morning, what thoughts come to your mind first? What's that like???
